c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi\bin\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi.dll.config
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi\bin\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi.dll
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi\bin\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi.pdb
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi\bin\UselessEater.Business.dll
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi\bin\UselessEater.Models.dll
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi\bin\UselessEater.Providers.dll
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi\bin\Autofac.dll
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi\bin\UselessEater.Business.pdb
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi\bin\UselessEater.Models.pdb
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi\bin\UselessEater.Providers.pdb
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi\bin\Autofac.xml
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi\obj\Debug\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi\obj\Debug\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi.dll
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi\obj\Debug\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi.pdb
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.QuestionServiceApi\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
