c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\UselessEater.PairingWeb.dll.config
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\UselessEater.PairingWeb.dll
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\UselessEater.PairingWeb.pdb
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\obj\Debug\UselessEater.PairingWeb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\obj\Debug\UselessEater.PairingWeb.dll
c:\users\stefa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\obj\Debug\UselessEater.PairingWeb.pdb
E:\PluralSight\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
E:\PluralSight\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
E:\PluralSight\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
E:\PluralSight\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
E:\PluralSight\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
E:\PluralSight\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\PluralSight\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
E:\PluralSight\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
E:\PluralSight\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\PluralSight\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
E:\PluralSight\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
E:\PluralSight\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
E:\PluralSight\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
E:\PluralSight\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
E:\PluralSight\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
E:\PluralSight\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
E:\PluralSight\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
E:\PluralSight\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
E:\PluralSight\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
E:\PluralSight\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
E:\PluralSight\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
E:\PluralSight\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
E:\PluralSight\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
E:\PluralSight\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
E:\PluralSight\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
E:\PluralSight\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
E:\PluralSight\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\UselessEater.PairingWeb.dll.config
E:\PluralSight\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\UselessEater.PairingWeb.dll
E:\PluralSight\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\UselessEater.PairingWeb.pdb
E:\PluralSight\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:\PluralSight\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
E:\PluralSight\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\PluralSight\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\PluralSight\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\PluralSight\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\PluralSight\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\PluralSight\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\PluralSight\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
E:\PluralSight\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
E:\PluralSight\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
E:\PluralSight\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\PluralSight\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
E:\PluralSight\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
E:\PluralSight\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\PluralSight\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
E:\PluralSight\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\PluralSight\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
E:\PluralSight\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
E:\PluralSight\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
E:\PluralSight\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\PluralSight\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\PluralSight\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\obj\Debug\UselessEater.PairingWeb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\PluralSight\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\obj\Debug\UselessEater.PairingWeb.dll
E:\PluralSight\Projects\UselessEater\UselessEater\UselessEater.PairingWeb\obj\Debug\UselessEater.PairingWeb.pdb
